Stop!
-[high-pitched humming]
-[men grunting]
Haven't you ever valued
human life before?!
So, what about that friend of yours
who helped you escape?
I don't need him anymore.
-[IBM] Shut up!
-[grunting]
You idiot. You idiot. You idiot.
You idiot! You idiot! You idiot!
[reporter on TV]
Flight TA167, departing Haneda Airport,
had to make an emergency landing
in the waters just off the coast.
It-- It was Sato. No doubt about it.
He-- He shot the guards.
-[gasps]
-And then Mr. Saku... Sakurai.
[whimpering]
[punch thuds]
After that... the door... blew off.
RESCUED PASSENGER
[sobbing]
And for the murders of Mr. Wakai
and Mr. Sakurai,
we are determined to put our honor
and pride on the line
THERE IS NO LONGER A SAFE PLACE
IN THIS COUNTRY
in order for us to finally capture Sato,
the mastermind behind these incidents.
01 WAKAI - 02 SAKURAI - 03 KISHI
There's still a long road ahead of us,
but it'll feel that much more satisfying
when we finally accomplish our goal.
So, let's enjoy it.
♪ Close combat
I'm slashing ♪
♪ You who are standing in front of me
Who are you? ♪
AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Running away but not forever
Chewing and swallowing reality ♪
♪ Shout it out
And refuse ambiguity ♪
♪ Though you know the danger of the dark ♪
♪ A type of system that is too cold ♪
♪ On or off
Which one is it now? ♪
♪ Ending up killing emotions
Over and over ♪
♪ No, I was just slipping through
Being destroyed, that's all ♪
♪ Leave me alone
Craze ♪
♪ I am I
Even if I am cornered ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Started with nothing but risk
From the beginning ♪
♪ Give it all you got
Craze ♪
♪ Reveal your true self, your instincts
Time to strike back ♪
♪ Yeah
So I slashed ♪
♪ Who are you? ♪
BUT I'M ALWAYS SCARED
[Nagai] Mr. Ogura.
I'm not giving you any cigarettes.
These are my telomeres.
Your cigarettes...
are the end sequences of chromosomes?
You know a lot, huh?
Yeah, well,
I was trying for medical school.
That would be a poor choice. Have one.
I didn't come here to bum a cigarette.
Okay, then what do you want?
[Ogura sighs]
I see.
So, that's the reason
you've been avoiding summoning it, huh?
Have you ever heard the saying,
"Only a coward is afraid of his own dog"?
There's no use to keep on summoning it,
not if I can't control it.
What's causing this anyway?
A little boy called his neighbor
a fat old hag.
-Huh?
-But he's not a bad kid.
He was just simply repeating
what his mom said all the time.
As we can see from the example
of that Ajin in Iowa,
an IBM's independent actions
are based on its owner's disposition.
For example, let's say you hated people.
It might cause your IBM
to behave violently.
If you want to change your IBM...
you have to change yourself.
People don't change that easily.
Maybe not.
Nagai.
Mr. Tosaki wants to see you.
[Nagai] Okay.
[man] What's the matter, creep?
04 WAKAZAKI - 05 KAI - 06 YI
07 TADOKORO
[Tosaki] There are 13 people left.
The enemy will definitely show up
near one of them.
So, our best bet is to set up an ambush.
The question is
who to set the ambush around.
[Nakano] Why not the next on the list,
that Kishi guy?
We don't want any more people killed,
right?
No good.
Dr. Kishi's already gone into hiding,
with a heavy security detail.
Even I haven't been told where he is.
If only you were on the list,
we could've used you as bait.
Shut up, Nagai.
Anyway... right now,
there's only one person who'll do.
Right. The only one who fits
all our conditions...
is target number 14.
The Minister of Health,
Labor and Welfare.
Huh? You're just leaving
those other people to die?!
All of the targets are currently under
massive police protection,
and we don't know when or where
they'll be attacked.
There's nothing we can do.
But Mr. Tosaki can get access
to the minister's schedule,
and if we have that, we might be able
to guess the time and place of the attack.
Also, we might learn Sato's patterns
before it is the minister's turn
to be assassinated.
Right. And then I'll work out
some kind of a plan
in order for us to be able
to join the fight without any issues.
I have compiled some possible places
where the attack might occur
based on what we have now.
[Shimomura] So, we'll prepare a specific
strategy for each of those places.
The remaining question is,
how do we fight him?
We have three Ajin.
The enemy has us beat in numbers,
but if we prepare,
we should have what we need.
Three? You can't count Ms. Shimomura!
-What's wrong with her?
-We can't put a woman in danger!
This isn't like a school competition.
Young, sick, or old, we'll use who we can.
Now, look!
Nakano, that's sweet of you,
but cut it out.
I have no intention
of skipping out on my duty.
[Nakano grunting]
[Nagai] Of course not.
Okay, let's take a break for now.
I have some e-mails I need to answer.
[Nakano]
How can you be so relaxed, Mr. Tozaki?
[Tosaki]
Rushing things will only lead to mistakes.
Sato won't be able to find Dr. Kishi
as easily as he thinks.
-And one more thing, Nakano.
-Huh?
My name is Tosaki. Try and remember it.
Huh? [chuckles]
[Tosaki] Well...
[Tanaka]
Hey, what do you mean, "it's impossible"?
What about all that bragging that you
could do anything as long as you had that?
As a general rule, there are some things
that can be done and some that can't.
So, any progress?
I'm at a loss. I searched the servers of
the Control Commission and the Ministry,
but I got nothing.
So, why not skip Kishi
and take care of Keita Iwazaki next?
That's not going to work.
I've decided
we're going in order this time.
We have to follow the rules,
just like in a game.
But if we have no idea where he is,
then we're stuck.
Well, all games have their cheats, right?
If we don't know where Kishi is,
we find out where the men
assigned to protect him are.
So, just hack
the Metropolitan Police Department.
Isn't that impossible?
No,
that's one of the things that can be done.
Naturally, it'll take a few days
since we're starting from scratch,
but just like with the Ministry,
the Metro P.D. server
should have a back door.
So, all I have to do is borrow that.
So, if I can just find it...
What's he talking about?
[hacker] I'll sneak in that back door,
and close it behind me when I leave...
[Sato] Basically... he's using a cheat.
YUJI KISHI
[hacker] It's done.
Security assigned for Yuji Kishi.
There are two units of riot police,
as well as people drummed up from Traffic
and Community Safety Divisions.
I guess they can't afford to be too picky
when it comes to choosing personnel.
Where are they?
In the mountains.
[sighing]
Why don't you try to settle down a bit?
This isn't doing any good.
Yes, you're right.
[thump on door]
Who's there?!
[gasping]
A ghost.
-[thud]
-[Kishi groaning]
[all gasping]
[Ogura]
There are two ways to get rid of an IBM.
Wait for it to disappear,
or have another IBM hit it in the head.
If two IBMs collide with each other,
particles bearing different information
get mixed together.
Basically, their wires get crossed.
Communication between particles
that should be re-bonding is suspended,
and as a result, they are neutralized.
[phone ringing]
Turn off your phone during class,
four-eyes.
This is Tosaki.
What's that?
How did they find out?
[inhales sharply]
Yeah, I leave that to you.
I'll head back immediately.
Is it Dr. Kishi?
Yeah, they got him.
Just when they'd increased security,
he was assassinated by an IBM. Damn it.
How did they find out where he was?
We don't know.
If we don't know how they found out,
it doesn't matter where the targets hide.
We can't stall for time.
And that means
that we've lost one of our advantages.
And you...
I hear you've been slacking
on your IBM training lately.
Our greatest strength is your IBM.
You need to master using it as soon
as possible. Have I made myself clear?
I guess it looks like
you are this team's telomere.
WARNING: MOUNTAIN FIRES
NO FIRES ALLOWED
[silenced gunshots]
[man] The enemy will be armed.
At the very least, you should learn
how to use weapons like these.
First try holding it. Next...
I like how machines do as they're told.
[Nakano]
Huh? There's no rapid-fire button?
Shut up!
Just listen to what I'm telling you.
[Nakano speaks in Japanese]
It's not working, huh?
Hand it over.
Here.
Thank you.
[chuckles]
-[gunshot]
-[grunting]
You fool! Why did you let go?
My hand hurts.
Are you a girl?
Hey, whatever.
It's not like I can help it if it hurts!
[sucks teeth]
-Excuse--
-[grunts]
Oh, Nagai. You need something?
No.
Never mind. It can wait.
Manabe was saying that
he thought you needed something.
I just thought it'd be useful to have data
like everyone's height and weight.
But I can do just fine without it.
Okay, then.
Are you...? Are you lonely?
What?!
I guess not.
Then... maybe you're just lost.
You're wondering if your
unsympathetic behavior is appropriate,
and you're also wondering if maybe
you should... somehow try and change.
-Is that right?
-No!
Look, I haven't said a single thing
that doesn't make sense.
I'm making entirely logical decisions.
What is it that you think
I need to change?
Yes... you're exactly right.
What?
That Nakano kid is good at gaining
other people's trust.
If you were in the same class at school,
he'd be the popular kid
and you'd just be some loser.
But this isn't school.
We're going to need to make decisions
that go beyond morals or emotions.
And you're... You're able to do that.
[Nagai] I know all that.
[man] I see.
I must have misunderstood.
My father was an excellent surgeon.
He was close with his patients.
After they recovered,
they'd send him letters every year.
But that was also his greatest weakness.
When I was 9, one of his patients
couldn't find a kidney donor,
and my father tried to help by getting
involved in black-market organ trading.
In the end, my father lost everything.
I won't make the same mistake.
I'm not an idiot.
There's no seniority
when it comes to intelligence.
Do as you will.
Our job is to simply follow
whatever the plan asks of us.
I have a list of the most important points
of our Sato countermeasure strategies.
-I expect you all to memorize them.
-[all grunt]
-Nakano.
-[Nakano] Huh?
You especially.
What does this say?
Huh? "Invasion."
Oh... Oh!
-[chuckles]
-[Shimomura sighs]
[Manabe] Hey.
You expect us to do this?
We're not Ajin, you know.
Nagai, this was your idea, wasn't it?
Yeah, so?
[chuckles]
Looks like it'll be fun.
-[urinating]
-[door opens]
[Nakano] Hey.
What do you want?
Do you...?
-Well, do you know a good way to die?
-Huh?
Well, the professor told me...
Whether or not your IBM manifests
is basically luck.
[grunts]
An Ajin's IBM particles
are at their densest when they regenerate.
[grunts]
However, unusual effects can occur
during that time.
You could call it a tunnel effect.
-What tunnel do I need to go to?
-[grunts]
You'll be going to the great beyond.
If you want to force your IBM to manifest,
there's just one thing to do.
And that's dying over and over again.
Ah...
I've already died an awful lot.
Might take a couple tries,
or a few hundred,
if you want to win that trip to Hawaii.
[Nakano groans]
With this,
you can keep dying automatically.
Even sleep through it.
And there won't be any pain.
[grunts]
Okay then. I'm ready.
What's there to be afraid of?
[chuckles] Well, how do you
just let yourself die like that?
You do it, too, don't you?
But I'm always scared.
I mean, you never know, right?
Maybe the next time I won't come back.
It's just a rumor,
but I've heard that an Ajin in China
has set a record by dying 2,000 times.
And the count is still rising.
Wow, they sure go all out.
Whatever it takes...
or else we'll never move forward.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
You're pretty amazing.
Just hurry up and die.
[Nakano] Hey, are you leaving?
[Nagai] What, are you a child? I'm busy.
[Nakano] Oh, that's cold, man.
[inhales deeply, then exhales]
[Nagai] That's right.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Do what you want!
I'm not ordering you around anymore.
Do what you like.
I know that.
I'm not an idiot.
Man, I'm surrounded by idiots.
[snickers]
[Nagai grunts]
-Serves you right.
-Why you...
[punches thumping]
[footsteps approaching]
-There are plenty of other seats--
-That friend of yours is in juvenile hall.
Huh?
That day...
The day you were sent to the lab.
The police went ahead and arrested him.
Why are you telling me this now?
Are you planning to use Kaito
to threaten me...
just in case I were to betray you?
Oh, do you mean the same way
you used my fiancée?
A winning hand's only good
when you keep your cards hidden.
But I thought you didn't need him anymore.
Isn't that right?
I just figured
it wasn't a winning hand anymore.
Also, don't eat this crap
when you're trying to lose weight.
What a jerk.
[Nagai] Juvenile hall, huh?
I guess I screwed Kai over pretty bad.
But... when I think of
what we'll be doing...
that may be the safest place for him.
[gate opens, then closes]
[guard] From today on,
you'll be in this group dorm.
TO BE CONTINUED
♪ I'm tired of this one already, so ♪
♪ I'll trade it ♪
♪ For your ordinary one ♪
♪ A shiny holy card ♪
♪ For a grainy paper card ♪
♪ You can see them all ♪
♪ When you come to my house ♪
♪ So, two of us
In the corner of the schoolyard ♪
♪ While the wind blows ♪
♪ I might be able to say it now ♪
♪ Words I've never said to anyone ♪
♪ "Won't you come and play
I'll be nice" ♪
♪ "I'll give you anything, see" ♪
♪ "Be my friend ♪
♪ Always" ♪
Created by:
Ryan Dress